chore: use latest liveness fixes (#164)
razee-io/EncryptedResource: README.md

# This repo will be deprecated and unsupported starting April 2022

> We found this controller doesnt scale well as is, and there are other tools that
> we think work better and are more secure, such as [ExternalSecrets](https://github.com/external-secrets/kubernetes-external-secrets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discontinuing this operator in favor of recommending [ExternalSecrets](https://github.com/external-secrets/kubernetes-external-secrets) which is widely used.
```
